I believe we have a choice in this world
about how to tell sad stories on the one
hand you can sugarcoat it
when nothing is too messed up that can't
be fixed with a Peter Gabriel song
I like that version as much as the next
girl does it's just not the truth this
is the truth hey make some friends sorry
I've been I'm Augustus waters I've been
in remission for about a year and a half
maybe you'd like to share some of your
fears with the group Cheers
oblivion what's your name
hazel what's your full name hazel grace
Lancaster why spin a tree is he
beautiful
so what's your story who's diagnosed mr.
yeah your real story I am quite
unexpected I reject that at the hand you
know Gus talks about you all the time
we're just friends I hope you realize
you're trying to keep your distance from
me in no way lessens my affection for
you Gus I'm a grenade one day I'm gonna
blow up and I'm gonna obliterate
everything in my wake and I don't want
to hurt you you don't get to choose if
you get hurt in this world but you do
have a say in who hurts you I am in love
with you hazel grace
and I know that love is just a shout
into the void and that oblivion is
inevitable and I am in love with you all
your efforts to keep me from you're
gonna fail
ha
are you angry so angry you need to break
something
you gave me a forever within the
numbered days and I can't tell you how
thankful I am for our little infinity to
good life hazel grace okay
okay
you